On Customer Service ATMs/Locations Espaol Search Use up and down arrows to navigate suggestions.
Banking Loans and Credit Insurance Investing and Retirement Wealth Management Rewards and Benefits We're sorry, but some features of our site require JavaScript.
Please enable JavaScript on your browser and refresh the page.
Banking Made Easy Borrowing and Credit Fraud Information Center Popular Links Sign On to Go Far Rewards Go Far Rewards FAQs Credit Cards Naveg a una pgina que no est disponible en espaol en este momento.
Seleccione el enlace si desea ver otro contenido en espaol.
Our home equity line of credit is designed to help you use the equity in your home responsibly.
If you're considering a home renovation or planning for a major expense, we can help.
How it works How to apply How to access your credit Annual and lifetime rate caps Home equity interest rates are tied to the prime rate, a standard index used as a basis for determining the rate charged on borrowed money.
If the prime rate increases, so does the APR on the line of credit.
But with our rate caps, the variable rate on your line of credit will never increase more than 2% annually based on the date you signed your line of credit agreement.
The rate will also never be more than 7% higher than where you started.
Fixed-rate advances Our line of credit can adapt as your needs change.
During the draw period, you can convert all or part of your variable-rate balance into a fixed rate.
Learn more about fixed-rate advances Payments that rebuild equity Our principal-reducing payments help you rebuild the equity in your home and pay less interest compared to other lenders interest-only payments.
A home equity line of credit is a revolving form of credit that uses your home as collateral.
If youre a qualified homeowner with available equity, a home equity line of credit can provide you with Secured financing based on the equity in your home, which typically results in lower interest rates than many unsecured forms of credit.
A revolving source of funds that you can borrow against and pay back as many times as youd like during the draw period.
The interest on your home equity financing may be tax deductible.
Consult your tax advisor regarding deductibility of interest.
You will have monthly payments which include both principal and interest.
Your minimum payment will be the lesser of $100.00 or the amount needed to repay your balance with interest.
If you withdraw additional funds during the draw period or the variable-interest rate changes, your monthly payment may change.
Your payments are recalculated monthly to repay your principal balance over the remaining months of your draw period and your repayment term.
Understanding the phases of a home equity line of credit Draw period.
The draw period is the fixed length of time during which you can access funds from your home equity line of credit.
It runs for 10 years plus 1 month from the date you open the account.
Unless you choose to take a fixed-rate advance your annual percentage rate (APR) during the draw period is typically variable and tied to the prime rate.
, End of draw.
End of draw refers to the date your draw period ends and you can no longer access funds from your home equity line of credit.
Repayment period.
After your draw period ends, youll enter the repayment period.
Your access to funds will end, but youll keep the same payment structure as in the draw period  principal-plus-interest payment tied to the variable rate.
If youre already working with us, your Wells Fargo banker or home mortgage consultant can help you apply.
Or, when youre ready, you can apply online or call 1-888-667-1772 to get started.
After you apply for a home equity line of credit, use your LoanTrackerSM to complete important tasks and check your application status  any day or time, from any computer, smartphone, or tablet.
your LoanTracker is not available with all loans; talk to a home mortgage consultant for details.
Learn more What to expect during the application process Step 1 Well contact you within 5 days after you submit your application to review specific documentation that well need from you.
Well then review any questions you may have regarding the process.
Well also update you during the process to make sure everything is moving forward.
Step 2 Well confirm your information.
Well make every attempt to let you know what well need at the beginning of the process, but we may need additional information as we move forward.
Step 3 Well confirm your homes value, either through an automated valuation service or an in-person inspection of your home.
If we need a personal inspection, well have a licensed real estate appraiser or broker contact you directly.
Step 4 Well ask for your signature, if your application is approved.
Each borrower will need to sign the documents, and some of them will also need to be notarized.
Please bring proper identification when youre ready to sign.
Your home equity account is now open.
Depending on your transaction and property type, there may be a 3-day waiting period before you can access your funds.
For your convenience, were pleased to provide you with several options for accessing your funds.
Our home equity lines of credit give you a number of ways to access funds, including checks and phone transfers.
Transfer funds online Make immediate transfers from your account at any time by signing on to Wells Fargo Online and going to the Transfer tab.
Transfer funds over the phone Use our toll-free number with any-day, any-time automated access to your account.
Advances made outside of business hours will become effective on the next business day.
Home equity line of credit checks Use checks you receive when you open your account (if requested).
Access your available credit anywhere that accepts Visa credit cards (if requested).
Worry less with Zero Liability protection so youre not held responsible for unauthorized use of your card (or number) if reported promptly.
You may earn a 0.375% relationship discount when you open a HELOC account, maintain a qualifying consumer checking account and make automatic payments from any deposit account.
Apply for a home equity line of credit.
Apply Online Call 1-888-667-1772 or find a location There is no limit on the maximum amount of a fixed rate advance taken at origination (up to your credit limit).
The minimum fixed rate advance amount is $10,000.
After account opening, additional fixed rate advances may not exceed $250,000 of the aggregate principal balance, or your credit limit, whichever is less.
You may request up to 2 fixed rate advances each year with up to 3 fixed rate advances at one time.
Fixed rate advances have a term of 1 to 20 years, depending on the amount advanced; except that for Texas homestead secured accounts, the term is 1 to10 years.
The home equity line of credit Annual Percentage Rate (APR) is variable and is based on the highest Prime Rate published each day in the Western Edition of The Wall Street Journal Money Rates Table (the "Index"), plus a margin.
The Index as of the last change date of December 15, 2016 is 3.75%.
As of January 13, 2017, current margins for lines of credit from $25,000; maximum $500,000 secured by owner-occupied properties with 70% combined loan-to-value range from 4.750% to 0.000% resulting in corresponding variable APRs ranging from 8.500% to 3.750%.
The minimum line of credit amount is $25,000.
For larger loan amounts, please contact us.
Minimum APR is 1%.
Maximum APR (Lifetime Rate Cap) will be the lesser of 18% or 7% above the initial APR.
During each year, the APR will not increase more than 2% during the 12 months following each anniversary date (Annual Rate Cap).
Your APR will be based on the specific characteristics of your credit transaction, including evaluation of credit history, CLTV, property type, amount of credit, term, and geographic location.
There is a $75 annual fee which is waived for the first year.
If provided for in your original contract, the fee will be waived thereafter if you maintain a minimum average daily balance of $20,000 or more for twelve consecutive months previous to the annual fee assessment date.
The prepayment penalty fee will be $400.
There is no annual fee or prepayment fee for accounts secured by Texas homestead properties.
Opening fees may be paid to Wells Fargo, its affiliates, or third parties and range from $19 to $18,000 depending on the property type, the state in which the property is located, and the amount of credit extended and include applicable state or local mortgage taxes.
This Account has a Draw Period of 10 years plus 1 month, after which you will be required to repay any amounts within a 20-year term, depending upon your account balance.
Hazard and, if applicable, flood insurance required.
Availability may be affected by your mobile device's coverage area.
Access checks are not available in Texas.
ATM card access and the Enhanced Access Visa credit card are not available in Connecticut, New York, or Texas.
New Wells Fargo Home Equity Accounts are subject to credit qualification, income verification, and collateral evaluation.
To qualify for a customer relationship discount, you must maintain a qualifying Wells Fargo consumer checking account and make automatic payments to your home equity line of credit from any deposit account.
To learn which accounts qualify for the discount, please consult a Wells Fargo banker.
Only one qualifying discount per new Wells Fargo home equity line of credit will apply.
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Member FDIC.
Additional restrictions, limitations, and exclusions may apply.
 4 30 pm Central Time Find Local Consultant Meet with a local consultant or request a call.
Search now Was this content helpful?How was your experience with this page?Select oneIt answered all of my questions.
It answered some of my questions.
It didn't answer any of my questions.
I experienced technical issues.
Share your comments about this page Please do not enter any personal or account information in this box.
We cannot address customer service questions here.
Please do not enter any personal or account information in this box.
We cannot address customer service questions here.
SubmitCloseThank YouWe appreciate your feedback.
We are unable to contact you about your comments.
For specific account-related questions or comments, please visit Customer Service.
Close Draw period The length of time during which you can access funds from your account.
About Wells Fargo Careers Privacy, Cookies, Security & Legal Report Fraud Sitemap Home Diversity & Accessibility Ad Choices  1999 - 2017 Wells Fargo.
All rights reserved.
